- [Instructor] Before we start using GitHub Flow,
we'll need to make some changes
to our team's shared repository,
that way it will support our new workflow.
So within GitHub, let's click on the Branches tab,
and here we can see the branches
currently in our repository.
You'll notice that it includes a develop,
a hotfix and a release branch,
which were branches that we used in Gitflow.
Since GitHub Flow only has one long lived branch, main,
we'll need to delete these other branches
since they don't exist in this workflow.
So let's start out by deleting our hotfix
and release branch.
All we need to do is click on the trashcan icon
over here on the right side of the screen.
So first, we'll delete the hotfix branch
and then we'll delete the release branch.
Now you'll notice that the icon
to delete our develop branch is inactive.
That's because we have branch protection roles applied
on the branch.
So let's go into the settings for our repository,
and if we navigate to the branches section,
we can delete those branch protection roles
on the develop branch.
You might need to authenticate
in order to delete these roles.
Alright, now we can see that the branch protection roles
are removed, so let's head back to our code,
and if we look at the branches,
you'll see that we can now delete our develop branch.
Let's go ahead and do that.
So with these changes,
our repository is now set up to support GitHub Flow.
Taking these other branches out of the equation
is going to streamline our team's workflow,
which you'll see in the next lesson.